[Music]
all right this has been one of my
favorite week and it's been one of my
favorite weeks for reason it's probably
very counterintuitive for everybody
because I've been tested last week I was
sick I don't know if it was the flu food
poisoning whatever it was but I had my
ass handed to me I was sleeping like
1213 hours a night which for me is
absolutely unheard of and then this week
I had three episodes to prepare for we
shoppin and less than 48 hours so over
the course of just a couple of days I
had to jam pack my brain full of three
incredible human beings Mel Robbins
Jason Silva and Wyclef Jean it was
insane and entailed doing an absolute
[__] ton of work but this is what I love
this is where I get to earn my
reputation with myself I talk about
earning credibility with yourself all
the time and the only chance you get to
do that is when things get hard
[Music]
I actually write intro usually laughs
dead last ones have done the bulk of
their research is the intro is really
how I begin to synthesize everything
that I've learned about that person so
one time I'm able to write the intro
then I know that I actually understand
them we just rocked out an amazing
episode of impact there You've
incredible freestyle unbelievable guys
every time I make the run peace out
I'm never impressed with myself how I
acting things are easy and I'm very
impressed myself in danger hard so I'm
always actually looking for those
moments when things are difficult when I
know that I'm willing to put in a level
of work that other people just aren't
willing to put in that I'm willing to
spend
hour after hour after hour researching
people having two people on the same day
that each require a day or a day and a
half of research suspending my entire
weekend working on it working on it
literally until the minute I go to bed I
was listening to podcasts and interviews
as I'm brushing my teeth literally
making my wife put the dogs away so that
I can take every possible second every
transitional moment everything to drink
in a little bit more knowledge and then
synthesize all of that stuff so that I
could do an interview that nobody else
is going to be able to do and that for
me is what everybody should be being if
you want to do something great if you
want to stand out and I want this
[__] show to stand out if you want to
be able to pull it off you've got to
work harder than anybody else there's no
substitute for that and that is the
thing that I love that is what I love
about hard work most people just aren't
willing to do it so if you want to
separate yourself from everybody else
get better than everybody else and when
you're willing to put in that work when
you actually hunger for moments like
this when you get to show your self cuz
[__] everybody else I don't care what
they think I want to know for myself
Who I am now hard
to work so when you get these women take
advantage of them when they come when
you have a hard road in front of you
head it with enthusiasm hit it with
excitement hit it knowing that on the
other side of that you get to feel a
certain way about yourself that other
people will never get to feel in their
lives because it's the way that only
people who push when no one's watching
get the feel about themselves that's
when you really be extraordinary that's
when you really do something that's when
you will surpass everyone around you
because you just need to work you look
forward to the test
you wanted to be pushed you wanted to
play with your mater
that's what it's about
[Music]